.TH hbackup 1
.SH NAME
hbackup - backup local and remote directories onto a local partition
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B hbackup
.RI [ OPTIONS ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.B hbackup
backs up directories from local and remote storage.
.PP
The files are backed up in a way that does not depend on the backup
storage filesystem, and that prevents data duplication. The system
keeps track of changes in metadata too, such as permissions, owner,
group and modification time.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Display the program usage and exit.
.TP
.BR \-\-version
Display the program version and exit.
.TP
.BI \-c " FILE" "\fR,\fB \-\-config " FILE
Override the default configuration file from "/etc/hbackup/hbackup.conf" to
.IR FILE .
.TP
.BR \-p ", " \-\-pretend
Do not perform backup, but check all configuration files.
.TP
.BR \-u ", " \-\-user
Perform user-mode backup.
.TP
.BR \-l ", " \-\-list
List contents of backup database.
.TP
.BI \-r " PATH" "\fR,\fB \-\-restore " PATH
Select path 
.IR PATH
as base directory where to restore files.
.TP
.BR \-s ", " \-\-scan
Scan the entire database for missing data.
.TP
.BR \-t ", " \-\-check
Check the entire database for corrupted data.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-verbose
Be verbose.
.TP
.BR \-d ", " \-\-debug
Show debug (be more verbose).
.TP
.BR \-\- ", " \-\-ignore_rest
End of options.
.TP
.BI \-C " CLIENT" "\fR,\fB \-\-client " CLIENT
Select client
.IR CLIENT ,
provided that it appears in the configuration file, for backup, list or
restoration.  This option can be used more than once in the backup case.
.TP
.BI \-P " PATH" "\fR,\fB \-\-path " PATH
Select path
.IR PATH
to list or restore the contents of.
.TP
.BI \-D " EPOCH" "\fR,\fB \-\-date " EPOCH
Select date
.IR EPOCH
(UNIX epoch) to restore the contents for.
.TP

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Herve Fache.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2006-2007 Herve Fache.
.br
This is free software.  You may redistribute copies of it under the terms of
the GNU General Public License version 2
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.html>.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
